go/cmd/registry: simplify register runtime command (#3903)
oasisprotocol/oasis-core: .changelog/3903.feature.md

go/cmd/registry: simplify register runtime command

The `registry runtime gen_register` command now accepts a JSON runtime
descriptor, which should simplify generating runtime registration
transactions.
The `registy runtime init_genesis` command is removed as runtime

> descriptors in genesis are not singed since `v21.x` making the command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
descriptors in genesis are not singed since version 21.0+ making the command
```
